Personal vs. Global State is extremely tricky.

Each person's sphere of influence extends at first, only based
on the resources provided. In other words, you start out an island
and you pay a small free for access to general intelligence tasks.

For example, my keyboard is breaking, I need to buy a new one.
Perfect opportunity for the Agent to simply present three choices, with 
simple buy button responses.

Emails in my inbox, which ones are important?
Great, another place to run the intelligence to screen and organize the emails.
Eventually agent is the only interface you need.

Agent can probably never work properly on an iPhone. It's too closed of an ecosystem.
It's got to live on a platform that lets the AI become the user for all intents and
purposes. Can it be done for most Android phones? Any?

The app must be allowed to impersonate the user, see the screen, and provide screen inputs.
The app must become the driver of the whole system.

Models are tools. Models are not intelligence in and of themselves. They have no state.
Intelligence is collected and cataloged and maintained, constantly adapting.

Tasks may not be run all at once. A task could be a longstanding objective
that Agent can help track and possibly automate. All tasks can be posted, and
Agent can even run cost estimates and offer service.

Corporations will want to be hooked directly into billing.
Uni.lat for billing will be essential

Agent can facilitate team comms when groups are all connected.

As an app that always runs in the foreground?
So instead of locking the phone, you open the app
A new kind of lock screen?
Which gestures can be captured, and is it an effective lock?
You would have to detect the user and know it isn't someone else trying
to use the device. So the camera / video is running, or at least is ready to start very quickly
Can an app trigger a phone lock event?

It's got to be a new kind of phone.
Because the agent needs to be able to control precisely the power draw
And react at an instant to changes. In order to be always and effectively
running, it needs a highly accurate noise filter.

The app, Alice, it should really change a person's life.
Massive improvement, across the board. Ability to analyze, motivate,
facilitate even... always connecting, enabling.

Whether that be with a business or government, or co-workers and loved ones.
Knowing what to do and how to do it is a priceless skill.

The meta-level of having the agent devise the chaining of agents beneath, and allowing
for recursion.

Alice can even help you find love.

Tiemstamping is essential
Setup Cost for Alice is not minimal.
Reputation scoring algorithms

Marketplace dynamics
Market maker software / Brokerage API

Alice can hide private state by sharding across thousands of users.
Fragments of data which can only be assembled by encrypted code which 
is run on secret servers. Rotating secret servers.

Underneath, it's essentially prompt engineering
Prompt auto-engineering
Scheduling algorithm

